well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about trump
the republican party
and options
because uh trump has kind of indicated
that he's going to run again in 2024
and he's going to start campaigning now
see a lot of the republican party they
just been waiting him out
knowing he was going to go away thinking
he was going to go away
but see if trump decides to start
campaigning now
well he leads the party for the next
four years
congress people and senators in the
republican party will be beholden to him
even though he's not in office
see this whole time he was
frankenstein's monster
that's how they looked at him they
breathed life into him
he got too powerful they needed his
base for reelection it was politically
untenable
for them to go against him because they
knew he would turn on them
over twitter
see now we get to find out whether
the gop has knowledge or wisdom
or either knowledge is knowing that
frankenstein wasn't the monster
he was the doctor wisdom
is knowing that dr frankenstein was the
monster
see they created him they enabled him
they breathed life into him they kept
him moving
they let all of this happen
all because they needed that base
they needed those votes didn't want to
upset him
even now with barr
a trump loyalist saying that
there was nothing wrong with the
election nothing that would have
mattered
they still haven't found their courage
to speak out
cut ties with him even though some of
their own party members
are getting threats from his base
they can't cut him off
they had the chance they had the chance
they voted against it
because it wouldn't help them
politically
since their legacy
integrity democracy itself
isn't enough of a motivating factor
let's talk about some political
realities for a second
give you the real options because just
like you didn't really think trump
through
you're probably not thinking it through
now
if you cut ties with him now yeah the
republican party is gonna pay for it in
two years
that base oh they're gonna be mad
but by four years from now they'll
forget about it they will
something else will happen it'll be old
news
but if they don't cut ties
if they let him stay in the public eye
by continuing to
entertain him humor him
well you know what's going to happen
ryan if he stays in the public eye
and people are still interested in it
and all those people that retired those
public officials
who left public life you know what
they're going to do two years from now
and then four years from now they're
going to release their books
and they're going to do it right around
election time because it's good for
sales
everybody's out for themselves you know
how it works
then all those conversations become
public
ones that happen behind closed doors
ones where you talked about how
incompetent he was
and then went out there and sang his
praises to the camera
the ones where you talked about his base
his supporters
and how gullible they were
all that's going to come out people
do not like being tricked
do not like being conned
you pay for it two years from now four
years from now
six years from now as long as he is
still in the public eye
and people can still make money writing
books
he will destroy the republican party
and a whole lot of politicians along
with him
because you wouldn't stand up to your
own creation
you'll let it get too powerful
you have an opportunity now
just like you did before it depends on
whether or not you're going to take it
it's your choice but if it makes you
feel any better
most of the country
looks at you the same way you look at
him
we're dr frankenstein too
we let our own creation get too much
power
run amok destroy everything
anyway it's just a thought
go have a good day